Add new image kyma-cluster-infra (#553)
kyma-project/test-infra: prow/images/kyma-cluster-infra/README.md

# Kyma Cluster Infra Docker image

## Overview

> This folder contains the image with tools useful for managing Kyma clusters, for example for provisioning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains the image with tools useful for Kyma cluster management operations, such as provisioning.
```

The image consists of:
- Go
- Dep
- Helm
- Gcloud
- Docker

## Installation

To build the Docker image, run this command:

```bash

> docker build -t kyma-cluster-infra .

Reviewer 2: why not to simply use the 
```
make build-image
```

?

Author: fixed
